README.md, before:

# Pig Dice


#  Author:Ian Kurao


## Description

   This Pig Dice app is designed to allow two users to participate in a game that involves rolling a dice. The winner is determined by the user who scores 100 points and above. It is a requirement to have two players participating in the game



## Set up and  installation Instructions

   - `git clone' https://github.com/iankurao/pig-dice.git`
   - `cd pig-dice`
   - `atom .`

   - `Or Fork the account`
   - `Use the top right button on the page`



## Technology used

   The language that has mainly been used in this project is Javascript . Its has also greatly involved use of jQuery. Other languages like HTML and CSS have been used to design the structure and also styling.

# Behaviour Driven Development

| Behaviour                                                 | Input                         | Output                                                                               |
|-----------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| This is a two player game.                                | Load up the page via the link | Two sections where the Users are required to input their details and play the game.  |
| The first player rolls the dice                           | click on the roll button.     | The round total value increases.                                                     |
| Passing the turn to the second player                     | click on the hold button      | An alert pops up indicating the turn has been passed to the other player             |
| The app determines the winner depending on the perfomance | Player reaches 100 points     | Player one is the WINNER                                                             |


## Contact Information

   Email: kuraoian@gmail.com

   phone: 0723475550

   whatsapp: 0723475550

   slack:@Ian



## License
MIT License

Copyright (c) [2019] [Ian Kurao]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

add link to live site

README.md, after:

# Pig Dice


#  Author:Ian Kurao


## Description

   This Pig Dice app is designed to allow two users to participate in a game that involves rolling a dice. The winner is determined by the user who scores 100 points and above. It is a requirement to have two players participating in the game



## Set up and  installation Instructions

   - `git clone' https://github.com/iankurao/pig-dice.git`
   - `cd pig-dice`
   - `atom .`

   - `Or Fork the account`
   - `Use the top right button on the page`

## Link to live site


  https://iankurao.github.io/quiz_board/


## Technology used

   The language that has mainly been used in this project is Javascript . Its has also greatly involved use of jQuery. Other languages like HTML and CSS have been used to design the structure and also styling.

# Behaviour Driven Development

| Behaviour                                                 | Input                         | Output                                                                               |
|-----------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| This is a two player game.                                | Load up the page via the link | Two sections where the Users are required to input their details and play the game.  |
| The first player rolls the dice                           | click on the roll button.     | The round total value increases.                                                     |
| Passing the turn to the second player                     | click on the hold button      | An alert pops up indicating the turn has been passed to the other player             |
| The app determines the winner depending on the perfomance | Player reaches 100 points     | Player one is the WINNER                                                             |


## Contact Information

   Email: kuraoian@gmail.com

   phone: 0723475550

   whatsapp: 0723475550

   slack:@Ian

## Bugs

There are no known bugs

## License
MIT License

Copyright (c) [2019] [Ian Kurao]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
